COMPLETE ALL THE QUERY LISTED IN THE FILE.

SET: 1
Create the below tables along with key constraints and Write an Insert script for insertion of rows with substitution variables and insert appropriate data.
DEPARTMENT (dept_no, dept_name, location) [ IF NOT UNDERSTAND , REFER PDF FILE ]

DEPT_NO	DEPT_NAME	LOCATION
1	Sales	Delhi
2	Production	Mumbai
3	IT	Hyderabad
4	Marketing	Ahmadabad
5	Analysis	Surat
6	BCA	MP
7	BBA	Baroda

EMPLOYEE (emp_id, emp_name, gender, dept_no, address, designation, salary, experience, email) 
1.	Display all Department belonging to location ‘Surat’.
2.	List all department name statring with ‘A’.
3.	List all departments whose number is between 1 and 100.
4.	Delete ‘TRG’ department.
5.	Change department name ‘BBA’ to ‘IT’.
6.	Update the location whose dept_name second letter is ‘a’.
7.	Display data whose location is ‘Baroda’, ‘Surat’ and ‘Ahemdabad’.
8.	Display data who are not from ‘sales’ and ‘marketing’ department.
9.	List all records of each table in ascending order.
10.	Display female employee list.
11.	Display all record order by emp_name.
12.	Find the names of the employee who has salary less than 5000 and greater than 2000.
13.	Display the names and the designation of all female employee in descending order.
14.	Display the names of all the employees who names starts with ‘A’ ends with ‘A’.
15.	Find the name of employee and salary for those who had obtain minimum salary.
16.	Add 10% raise in salary of all employees whose department is ‘IT’.
17.	List names of employees who are fresher’s (less than 1 year of experience).
18.	List department wise names of employees who has more than 5 years of experience.
19.	List department having no employees.
20.	Delete the employee whose salary is less than 10000.

SET:2

Create the below three tables along with key constraints and Write an Insert script for insertion of rows with substitution variables and insert appropriate data.
STUDENT (rollno, name, class, birthdate) 
COURSE (courseno, coursename, max_marks, pass_marks) 
SC (rollno, courseno, marks)
Note: use ‘FY, SY, TY’ as class in STUDENT table.
1.	Display details of student who takes ‘Database Management System’ course.
2.	Display the names of students who have scored more than 70% in Computer Networks and have not failed in any subject.
3.	Display the average marks obtained by each student.
4.	Select all courses where passing marks are more than 30% of average maximum mark.
5.	Display all course name.
6.	Display the student details who have secure 1st rank in ‘Computer Network’ course.
7.	Display all SY student list along with course name.
8.	Display the average marks obtained by each student.
9.	Write a trigger which does not allow deletion of student whose pass_mark is greater than 35.
10.	Write a trigger which does not allow insertion / updating student whose max-marks more than 100 and less than 0.



